Tweets App
An online store where there are many products, the application is divided into two parts:
A section for admins, where they can add, edit and remove products, and there is a role for the store owner only to add or remove admins on website.
The second section is for customers, where they can see products and add them to the cart, can also increase, decrease, or remove product, can also calculate how many pieces in the cart and total cost of all products or single product .
Arabic English
HTML
CSS
JAVA SCRIPT
SASS
GULP JS
REACT JS
Problem Solving
AMR ALI MOHAMED
FRONT END DEVELOPER(React js)
Contact
Expertise
Languages
Projects
About Me
Email
Phone
Address
+201029404662
93amr.kakashi@gmail.com
Egypt - Minia - Maghagha
A portfolio made with html css java script , the dark mode with glassmorphism and the light mode with neumorphism
A simple app using api to exchange ( USD & SAR ) to Egyptian pound .
A simple portfolio made with react js 
Using react component , react router dom and styleshed with sass
A simple mp3 player with options ( next - preveus - play - pause ..etc ) made with html css java script
an app for day and night azkar with a counter made with html css java script
Highly accomplished and user-focused Front-end Developer adept in collaborating with UX and design teams to plan the technical writing and execution of functional specifications for websites and applications. Experienced in building multi-platform websites using Responsive Web Design/RWD.
Bachelor of social work
Azkar app
MP3 player
currency exchange
Portfolio with React js
Portfolio ( glassmorphism & neumorphism )
Social accounts
Facebook
Github
Linked in
Fayoum University 2012 - 2020
A react js app , where you can register, login, add & delete posts,  also can like posts and add comments too, with ability to change your own profile photo.
made with [ react js , sass , firebase , packages like : react router dom - react firebase hooks etc ] .
Educaion
SooQ App
A react js app, where api is used to fetch data for various videos, with information for each video, a playback page, suggested videos, and the ability to browse the channel with its information and videos .
My Tube
A react js app, where the API is used to fetch data for many films, classifying each movie group by category, and a page for each movie to display its information, ratings, and the ability to search for a specific movie .
Movies App
A react app for kindergarten, with interface, landing page, and price plans, the user can register or log in,  also register his data as a parent and the child's data.
The payment status is automatically recorded as False, and the child's class is selected according to age.
The owner can assign some users as Admins, and they can follow  students and parents data, also can change the payment status to True, if it is confirmed .
Kindergarten App
CodeWars
Also familiar with :
Firebase
Pug js
Npm
Next js
Node js
Express
Hosting
UI - UX